README.md, before:

# pyber-analysis
Analyzing and visualizing rideshare data via matplotlib

## Overview
An analysis of ride-share data to uncover trends regarding city type, particularly fare rates. 

## Resources
Matplotlib 3.5.1
Python 3.7.11

## Results
### Number of Rides per City by Average Fare
- Rural cities accounted for the fewest rides and the most expensive fares.
- Suburban cities accounted for both the middle count and middle expense of rides. 
- Urban cities accounted for the most rides with the least expensive fares. </br>
![Figure 1](analysis/Fig1.png)

### Number of Rides by City Type
- Rural cities accoutned for the fewest number of rides (median = 6). 
- Suburban cities accounted for the middle number of rides (median = 17). 
- Urban cities accounted for the greatest number of rides (median = 24). </br>
![Figure 2](analysis/Fig2.png)

### % of Total Fares by City Type
![Figure 5](analysis/Fig5.png)

### % of Total Rides by City Type
![Figure 6](analysis/Fig6.png)

### % of Total Drivers by City Type
![Figure 7](analysis/Fig7.png)

### Sum of Monthly Fares by City Type
![Figure 8](analysis/fig8.png)

## Summary

Commit message:

% of total fares by type

README.md, after:

# pyber-analysis
Analyzing and visualizing rideshare data via matplotlib

## Overview
An analysis of ride-share data to uncover trends regarding city type, particularly fare rates. 

## Resources
Matplotlib 3.5.1
Python 3.7.11

## Results
### Number of Rides per City by Average Fare
- Rural cities accounted for the fewest rides and the most expensive fares.
- Suburban cities accounted for both the middle count and middle expense of rides. 
- Urban cities accounted for the most rides with the least expensive fares.
![Figure 1](analysis/Fig1.png)

### Number of Rides by City Type
- Rural cities accounted for the fewest number of rides (median = 6). 
- Suburban cities accounted for the middle number of rides (median = 17). 
- Urban cities accounted for the greatest number of rides (median = 24).
![Figure 2](analysis/Fig2.png)

### % of Total Fares by City Type
- Rural cities accounted for the smallest portion of total fares (6.8%). 
- Suburban cities accounted for the mid portion of total fares (30.5%). 
- Urban cities accounted for the largest portion of total fares (62.7%). 
</br>
- Urban cities accounted for a larger portion of total fares than rural and suburban cities combined. 
![Figure 5](analysis/Fig5.png)

### % of Total Rides by City Type
![Figure 6](analysis/Fig6.png)

### % of Total Drivers by City Type
![Figure 7](analysis/Fig7.png)

### Sum of Monthly Fares by City Type
![Figure 8](analysis/fig8.png)

## Summary
